---
num: "h01"
desc: "Summarize research paper"
ready: true 
assigned: 2018-01-25 15:30:00.00-8:00
due: 2018-02-09 08:00:00.00-8:00
---

<b>READING ASSIGNMENT</b>

Please select one of the papers from the [list of CS Ed related papers](/info/papers/) on the course web site,
and write a short essay in which you answer the following questions.  

(Phill says: I avoid answering the question "how many pages" or "how many words", because I don't want you to 
aim for that.   Write just enough to answer the questions below, and no more.   If that's 1 page, fine.  If it's three pages fine.   Make it as short as possible, and no shorter.   Less than one page is proabably too short, more than three pages is starting to get a little long.)

Organize your essay in whatever way you like (except not by simply repeating the questions and answering each one in a paragraph; make it a coherent essay.)

For all of the following: summarize in your own words as much as possible.

Don't just copy/paste from the paper or the abstract.  Where you use exact wording, be sure to use "quotation marks", but do this sparingly, only where using the exact wording of the original source is really necessary to convey the idea.

You may also want to prepare two or at most three slides about the main ideas in the paper, since you'll be
asked to do a round of lightning talks about these papers at a later point in the quarter.  That's a separate
assignment, but it often is helpful to do both the slides and the writeup at the same time.  I find writing slides
first can help me organize my thoughts in small "bullet points", which helps me write more concise sentences.

<ol>

<li style="padding-bottom:4em;">(25 pts) What is the research question that the paper is investigating?  
 </li>

<li style="padding-bottom:4em;">(25 pts) What are the key findings of the paper?
</li>

<li style="padding-bottom:4em;">(25 pts) How did the researchers measure these outcomes? (If they didn't 
adequately maeasure, and only described in general terms their anecodtal experiences, note this.)
</li>

<li style="padding-bottom:5em;">(25 pts) How do you think we can apply this research to our courses (8,16,24,56),
  or more generally in our undergradaute program at UCSB?
</li>

</ol>
