---
num: "h03"
desc: "Final report"
ready: true 
assigned: 2017-11-30 15:30:00.00-8:00
due: 2017-12-14 17:00:00.00-8:00
---

<b>Final report: This report will count towards 50% of your grade. To get feedback on your report, submit an initial draft to the instructors at the earliest possible </b>

<ol>

<li style="padding-bottom:1em;"> (100 pts) The final report should a summary of your contributions and learning in three key areas: 
</li>
</ol>

(1) Teaching: One-on-tutoring with students in lab sections, specific strategies you used that worked well. Identify your strengths and areas for improvement


(2) Research: Articles and papers read related to CS Education and key learning outcomes from your reading

(3) Service: Initiatives that you took to improve course content and administration. You may include any mentoring that you provided to students outside your assigned lab hours.

(4) Course specific feedback: Based on your experience and observations, tell us about the aspects of the course that you found valuable and identify areas where you would have liked to receive more training.

Suggested Length:  Please answer the questions as completely as you can, with enough supporting detail to support your
claims, but without extraneous "fluff".    Your paper should be exactly as long as you need it to be to tell your story,
and no longer than that.    Less than one page is likely way too short, unless you are an extraordinarily gifted writer&mdash;10 pages is likely way too long, unless you really, really, have a lot of high value content.   That doesn't mean that "five" is the right number.   Use common sense.


